[Elixir] New `exceptions` concept exercise (#1623)
exercism/v3: languages/elixir/exercises/concept/exceptions/.docs/introduction.md

All errors in Elixir implement the _Exception Behaviour_. Just like the _Access Behaviour_, the _Exception Behavior_ defines callback functions that a module must implement to fulfill the software contract of the behaviour. Once an errors is defined, it has the following properties:

- The module's name defines the error's name.
- The module defines an error-struct.
- The module will have a `:message` field.
- The module can be be used with `raise/1` and `raise/2` to raise the intended error

> The _Exception Behaviour_ also specifies two required callbacks: `message/1` and `exception/1`. Despite being required, `message/1` is often left to be implemented by the _behavior_, but it is common to implement `exception/1` instead to get custom error messages.

Reviewer: > but it is common to implement `exception/1` instead to get custom error messages.

I took a look at the standard library https://github.com/elixir-lang/elixir/blob/e8cb3489c91923989d7570ae75fa0c8deae49573/lib/elixir/lib/exception.ex and I am not sure if this statement is true. It looks like it is common to implement `message/1` to get a custom error message, not `exception/1`. But I don't really understand what is the difference between those two callbacks and their intended use.

Author: This [comment in the exception source](https://github.com/elixir-lang/elixir/blob/b56c262db3aa32472d244bc2f8ca85df115c5e44/lib/elixir/lib/exception.ex#L676-L679) is an interesting one though that gives it some insight to that discrepancy: 

> ```elixir
> # Some exceptions implement "message/1" instead of "exception/1" mostly
> # for bootstrap reasons. It is recommended for applications to implement
> # "exception/1" instead of "message/1" as described in "defexception/1"
> # docs.
> ```

## Defining an exception

To define an exception from an error module, we use the `defexception` macro function:

```elixir
# Defines a minimal error, with the name `MyError`
defmodule MyError do
  defexception [:message]
end

# Defines an error with a customized exception/1 function
defmodule MyCustomizedError do
  defexception [:message]

>   @impl true

Reviewer 2: Is the `@impl true` bit a piece of syntax that is introduced earlier in the track? Just curious :)

Author: I think it's mentioned in the access exercsise, if not it should be mentioned there.

Reviewer 2: Okay great!

  def exception(value) do
    case value do
      [] ->
        msg = "service did not get what was expected"
        %MyCustomizedError{message: msg}
      _ ->

>         %MyCustomizedError{message: value}

Reviewer: This example shows how to set a default error message in case none was passed when raising an error, correct? Are there any other good examples of use cases for redefining `exception/1`? Because the default message is easier to achieve by setting the default value when creating the struct: `defexception [message: "service did not get what was expected"]`

Author: There is some discrepancy here for sure (maybe we'll get to open a PR in the elixir docs).

I made a bad assumption that as I was working from the [`defexception` documentation](https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/Kernel.html?#defexception/1) and  _`Exception Behaviour`_ documentation that it would be internally consistent with the getting started guide.  Which, now on further review. is not.

The [getting started guide](https://elixir-lang.org/getting-started/try-catch-and-rescue.html#errors) uses this example:

```shell
iex> defmodule MyError do
iex>   defexception message: "default message"
iex> end
iex> raise MyError
** (MyError) default message
iex> raise MyError, message: "custom message"
** (MyError) custom message
```

It seems from your comment, @angelikatyborska, that this is the normative way to implement this in your practice.

It would be useful to hear from @NobbZ or @devonestes in regards to this and if there is a practice to avoid, or if we should implement and display them both.

Author: Ok, I spoke to @NobbZ in slack about this, some take aways:
- the documentation is very old on this (gitblame puts it at ~6years old) so it may be outmoded
- message/1 is to make a human readable version of the exception struct
- exception/1 is to add additional formatting to the error message based on the value passed to the function

I think the way forward would be to have an example that follows the getting started guide, then have an example that implements the exception/1 callback.

  end
end
```

## Using exceptions

Defined errors may be used like a built in error using either `raise/1` or `raise/2`:

```elixir
raise MyError
# => ** (MyError) error

raise MyError, "an error occurred"
# => ** (MyError) an error occurred

raise MyCustomizedError
# => ** (MyCustomizedError) "custom error"

raise MyCustomizedError, "a very bad error occurred"
# => ** (MyCustomizedError) Alert: a very bad error occurred

> ```

Reviewer: This is not really new syntax. Following the guidelines that the introduction should make people think instead of copy-paste code from it, it would be better to describe with words how `raise/1` and `raise/2` differ.

Author: See suggestion below for a proposed change?

> Defined errors may be used like a built in error using either `raise/1` or `raise/2`:
> 
> ```elixir
> raise MyError
> # => ** (MyError) error
> 
> raise MyError, "an error occurred"
> # => ** (MyError) an error occurred
> 
> raise MyCustomizedError
> # => ** (MyCustomizedError) "custom error"
> 
> raise MyCustomizedError, "a very bad error occurred"
> # => ** (MyCustomizedError) Alert: a very bad error occurred
> ```

Author: ````suggestion
Defined errors may be used like a built in error using either `raise/1` or `raise/2`.
- `raise/1` raises a specific error by its module name, or, if the argument is a string, it will raise a `RuntimeError` with the string as the message.
- `raise/2` raises a specific error by its module name, and accepts an attributes argument which is used to obtain the error with the appropriate message.
````

> If the defined error does not implment `exception/1` a string must be passed along with the message. If `exception/1` is defined, it is not neccessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the defined error does not implement `exception/1` a string must be passed along with the message. If `exception/1` is defined, it is not necessary.
```
